[commentator] National Sports stadium
is filled to the brim with spectators.
Only 2 minutes left of the thrilling final
of the World Men's Hockey Championship.
India is one goal behind Pakistan.
Vijay, pass it here!
[commentator] Indian Captain Kabir Khan, Asia's
best center-forward is pushing his team.
Come on! Come on!
[commentator] Suspense in the audience.
Tension on the faces of the officials.
Every match between these 2 countries
always has this thrill factor.
And this match also seems larger than
the game itself.
Only one and a half minutes left.
India will have to fight quickly
to save itself.
Ball with Pakistani defender Waseem.
Scoop.
But Indian defender Uttam Singh
snatches it. India is now on attack.
And a penalty stroke for India.
A breath of life they desperately need.
But who will take this stroke.
Ball! Ball!
[commentator] Saini has the ball, but
Captain Kabiris taking the stroke himself.
Maybe a good decision.
India's best player is its last hope.
[yells]
[crowd cheering]
[somber music playing]
[camera clicks]
Coach, is this the same team
that defeated Pakistan badly last year?
No comments, please.
Do you not think our team is
taking it too easy?
Please, please, no comments.
-Hey, look, it is Kabir.
-Where is he?
-He is here!
-Kabir. Kabir. Kabir.
Do you have anything to say
about such an embarrassing defeat?
Do you really believe Pakistan's
performance was better?
Maybe.
Why did you take
the penalty stroke yourself?
I made a mistake.
Rumor has it that the Pakistani players
and you are good friends.
You were the only Indian to
congratulate them after the match.
Excuse me.
People are saying
there is a rumour that you
or someone else in the Indian team
has deliberately thrown this match.
Excuse me.
Do you think we lost
because someone sold out?
What did you say?
-Kabir Khan.
-What did you say?
Kabir Khan, has someone sold out our team?
Sold out? You piece of...
How dare you?
How can you disrespect the media?
Disrespect the media?
You son of a... Come here.
You do not know how to treat journalists!
You bloody sold out.
Come back here!
[man] You just witnessed a frustrated
captain of the losing team
attack the media violently.
His outburst cannot hide the fact that
there is definitely something
fishy going on.
We have our answers.
But it is now up to you to decide whether
Kabir Khan has played dirty
with the country or not.
Satyavrat Yadav,
National Stadium, New Delhi.
[man on TV] News from the world of sports.
Pakistan has become the new
Hockey World Champion
after defeating India by one goal.
Hello., and you're watching "Aaj Tak."
Today, the Chairman
of the Hockey Association denounced
Kabir Khan, declared
he did his country wrong.
And all this is thanks to you,
the Indian public.
We have two special guests
to discuss this matter.
You feel it is correct that the public
is justified?
Down with Kabir!
[continuous chanting]
What do you think?
Did Kabir Khan fix the match?
Do not know if he did it deliberately,
but we lost because of him.
-And what would you say?
-These people should be hung upside down.
And, you?
These kind of people should have
moved to Pakistan during the partition.
Down with Kabir!
The public is upset with
the team's performance.
And Kabir Khan has
conveniently disappeared.
He was not at the hockey stadium
nor the Sports Authority of India Campus.
Where is Kabir Khan?
[fire crackling]
[vehicle revving]
[crying]
Do not look back, mother, let us go.
How can I not, Kabir?
Your grandfather saved every
penny to build this house.
Your father's first paycheck
went into making these windows.
I stepped into this home as a young bride.
Whatever happens, I know all these
people will stand by us, trust me.
♪ My master ♪
TRAITOR
Do not look there, son.
You can close your eyes
if you cannot bear to see it.
I want to see everything.
TRAITOR
Come, son. Let us go.
♪ The third colour of your being was I ♪
Daddy, I want to see
what a traitor looks like.
Come, see.
♪ The third colour of your being was I
Your tune was the rhythm of my life ♪
Just some food for the road.
Do you want us to be thrown out
of the neighborhood?
♪ My divine master, you are my pride ♪
♪ My master, my life is yours to take ♪
SEVEN YEARS LATER
So, what have you decided?
Mr. Uttam, you are always
harping on the same thing.
What should we do about the coach?
Hey, why don't you become their coach?
The Women's Hockey World Cup
is just three months away.
The team cannot just go
without any training.
No matter how much you
train them, they will lose.
The Indian Women's hockey team
has never achieved anything
and it never will.
It is a government trip.
Why don't you go as their coach?
The team will be out
in a couple of matches.
They'll make their exit.
You and your wife could enjoy a holiday.
I do not get why you don't take
women's hockey seriously.
And we do not get
why you take it so seriously.
Mr. Uttam, Indian women
are born to cook and clean.
They cannot run around in short skirts.
I'm sorry.
How can an association member
say such things?
It is because we are in the association
and have travelled around the world,
that we can say such things.
Look, you have done your part
and selected the top 16 Indian players.
Punjab, Tamil Nadu...
Jharkhand, Andhra, Railways.
You have even been to remote areas
like Manipur and Mizoram.
But now where will you find
a coach? From the moon?
Is this also the girls' fault?
No, it is not the girls' fault.
It is the fault of people like you
with expectations from them.
No sponsors, no viewers,
no TV coverage nor media.
Now which coach will want to jump
into this mess to ruin his career?
Is there anyone? No one.
There is one man.
Who?
Kabir.
Kabir Khan.
The Kabir Khan who...
Yes, that one.
Since when has he developed
an interest in women's hockey?
He even left men's hockey years ago.
No one has seen him
for six to seven years.
You can see him now.
Where?
Outside. In the reception.
[sweeping bottle cap]
[flips]
[flicks]
Do not attack the opposing
team's goal but their minds.
You will win the goal automatically.
-Sir.
-Hmm?
You have been called inside.
Sir, Kabir.
How many years has it been?
Seven years, three months.
Ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen...
Seven years, three months, fourteen days.
What, what were you doing all these years?
I was preparing for this meeting.
He wants to be the coach of the
Indian Women's Hockey Team.
You are not a child, Mr. Kabir Khan.
You know in a country like ours...
a women's team exists
just as a formality, not a reality.
Your reputation is already...
-[coughs]
-Leave it.
And you wish to redeem
your name by coaching this team.
A team that is not fit to play
against European high schools.
[laughter]
This is exactly the team I want.
I do not understand.
I do not think you would.
So shall I consider myself hired?
In any case, you do not have
another coach.
I have done all I could.
But you should think about it.
I have.
Kabir, this is not a team.
It is a graveyard.
Why would you want to bury yourself in it?
This team will never get
a better coach than you.
But think about yourself.
I am thinking about myself.
[indistinct chatters]
You have changed. You have changed a lot.
I have not changed.
Nothing has.
You know we did not lose
that match because of you.
You did all you could to score
a goal against Pakistan.
But they scored against me,
my team, my country and my family.
Everybody is allowed one mistake.
[snickers]
Everybody?
Kabir, why have you come back?
To help this team to win the World Cup.
Which is impossible.
That is what needs to be done.
When are your 16 girls coming?
They should reach here tomorrow morning
from their respective states.
States?
Nothing has changed.
There were states then,
there are states now.
[vehicle revving]
[instrumental music]
REGISTRATION
Well, ma'am, once again it looks like
the Association has dumped
all of India on us.
So these are the best?
That's what they say.
Wasn't she the goalkeeper
for the Railways?
What was her name?
Vidya, Vidya Sharma.
Heard she got married and quit hockey.
Well, she's here.
[tires screech]
Hundred rupees? My foot!
Is the meter for decoration?
It's not working. You have to pay me 100.
I will give you 100 slaps!
What sort of talk is that?
The kind you will understand.
Take 50 or I will shove this hockey stick!
Don't get angry.
Your head will explode one of these days.
You are not
saying anything to him.
Is he my baby or are you?
-I am.
-So?
Cool down, come, come, drink up.
[honks]
[shatters]
Hey!
Hey, Komal!
These pansies! Thought
I'd show them how to play!
You haven't come here to play with boys!
No, just wanted to check out
whether these Delhi dudes can play.
There's no way I'm letting my girl
play in Delhi.
Come. Let's go.
Now that we have come this far,
let her do what she wants.
As she will be a homemaker for life.
Nothing of that sort!
What will you feed
your husband when he is hungry?
This!
I don't want my girl playing hockey.
Once she slips out of our grasp,
who will ask for her hand?
Let them try.
Gul, your grandfathers,
your father, your brother...
...all have excelled
in this game, my dear.
Now, it is your turn.
Don't let the Iqbals down.
-Name please.
-Sorry?
What? What is your name?
Soimoi.
I asked for your name, not your
medical condition.
Soimoi.
-Is that your name?
-Yes.
Again? Your full name. Name. Name.
Soimoi Kerketa.
She doesn't understand English.
-And you are?
-Rani.
Have you escaped from an asylum?
What do you want?
Rani Dispotta.
Are you from the travelling theatre?
The stadium won't be available
till the new year. Go away!
Ghamorni State High School, Jharkhand.
Oh, dear!
These two are hockey players.
Yes, yes, yes!
-Name?
-Nethra Reddy.
So you are a Madrasi?
-Telugu.
-Tamil.
Not Tamil, Telugu.
Same thing.
What's the difference between
Tamil and Telegu?
The same difference that is there
between Punjabi and Bihari.
Oh, really?
Can I go?
Yes.
What?
Yes, yes!
[upbeat music]
Man! Look at that vanilla ice cream
amidst all this chocolate!
Must be heading to a disco or a nightclub.
Looks like they lost their way.
You think they are players?
Definitely players. But not here.
Wonder what the going rates are.
Why don't you ask them? They
won't get our language anyway.
Hey, how much are those melons for?
What the...
They understand Hindi.
Thought they were Chinese or Nepali.
Molly Zimik, Manipur. Mary Ralte, Mizoram.
Wow! You have come from the
furthest reaches of India.
You are our special guests. Welcome!
What happened?
Are you not happy?
Would you be happy being treated
like an alien in your own country?
Bindia, Aliya, how are you?
Pretty fit.
How's your injury, Gunjan?
The injury, madam, will take
its own sweet time to heal.
You are the senior players.
Behave like one.
Be respectful around the new coach.
Respect will take its own time to come.
Sukhlal! You have gotten older!
[blows whistle]
My name is Kabir Khan. I'm the Coach...
...of the Indian National
Women's Hockey Team
which I have been told, are you girls.
All the players here, Ms. Krishna?
Yes, sir.
Only one's missing. Preeti Sabarwal.
Reporting time was 10:00 a.m., wasn't it?
Excuse me.
Is this the registration
for the women's team?
The registration for the Indian
National Women's team is over.
Bloody hell! I'm Preeti Sabarwal.
Bloody hell, Preeti Sabarwal!
You are very late. Try next year.
-Sorry?
-Next year.
-Next year!
Everybody, fall in line please!
Come on, everyone, line up.
She is a good player, sir.
I will be the judge of who is a good
player or a bad player, Ms. Krishna.
Thank you.
You... You can't keep out
a state team captain.
Which state team's captain are you?
Chandigarh.
Is this the Chandigarh team?
No.
But I'm a captain of a state team.
And I'm the coach of the
Indian National Women's Team.
I cannot hear or see the names of states.
I can only hear the name
of one country. India.
And in that team, there is
no place for late comers.
Everyone, understand that?
Okay.
Okay, kit up.
Kit up and do 10 rounds,
and report here in exactly seven minutes.
Get it done in seven minutes,
you can join the team.
If not, take the train back to Chandigarh.
Sir, seven minutes?
Ms. Krishna.
Now each player will step forward
and introduce herself.
You.
Balbir Kaur, Punjab.
Again.
Break away from the team and step aside.
Next.
-Komal Chautala, Haryana.
-Out!
-Molly Zimik, Manipur.
-Nethra Reddy, Andhra Pradesh.
-Out!
Rachna Prasad, Bihar.
-Nichola Sequeira, Maharashtra.
-Out!
Vidya Sharma, India.
Who?
Once more loudly.
Vidya Sharma, India!
Thank you. You are on the team.
Anyone else who is playing
for Punjab, Himachal,
Tamil Nadu, Railways?
Understand this once and for all,
because I won't repeat it.
This team needs only those players
who first play for India,
then for their teammates,
and then if they have
any life left, for themselves.
Not those who are playing
for a government job
or a railway flat.
Hmm?
-Yes.
-Yes?
Let's try one more time. Come, please.
Balbir Kaur, India.
Komal Chautala, India.
Molly Zimik, India.
Nethra Reddy, India.
Rachna Prasad, India.
Nichola Sequeira, India.
Vidya Sharma, India.
Gul Iqbal, India.
Rani Dispotta, India.
Soimoi Kerketa, India.
Raynia Fernandes, India.
Mary Ralte, India.
Aliya Bose, India.
Gunjan Lakhani, India.
Bindia Naik, India.
Preeti Sabarwal, India.
Come on, move it, move it.
[flips on light switch]
Hi, you are Bindia Naik, aren't you?
You hold a National record of 42 goals!
So?
I am so happy to meet you.
Yay! Go dance then.
According to the list, this is my bed.
There's the list. Go sleep there.
Forget it, Molly. Forget it.
That's right.
-Hello, I am Nethra.
-Vidya.
I know. You saved four goals
in the South Zone tournament.
Didn't save them, just happened somehow.
It was all luck.
Only good players have good luck.
Whoa, what's this?
-Yes?
-What is this?
[speaking in native language]
She is saying a branch scraped her
while travelling on an elephant.
You came to Delhi on an elephant?
No, only till Ghamorni.
Peacocks? What peacock?
Peacocks, elephants.
You live in a zoo?
Jharkhand.
We are from Jharkhand.
Oh! Lots of bushes there?
Jungle. It is a jungle there.
Jungle? Are you barbarians?
Do you eat snakes and stuff?
What's in your bag?
Are you upset?
All right! Here, you sleep on the floor.
What are you doing?
-Sorry?
-Don't feel sorry. Just move this.
What the hell?
What do you think you're doing?
This is my bed.
Did you not see this big bundle here?
So?
So? I put it here first,
so the bed is mine.
Just because you dumped
this bundle, it is your bed?
Of course! Haven't you
ever been on a state bus?
I have reserved this bed first.
It says it's mine on the list.
Oh, you... What the...
I will smash your face!
Hey, kid!
Get over here.
Come on!
There is a time and place for every fight.
Save this one for another day
when you have the upper hand.
Get out.
Come. Be on this side with us.
The travelling theatre
would have been better.
I am told that from the 250 million girls
in this country, you are
the 16 best hockey players.
You're lucky, but also unlucky.
Because now, I'll be the judge.
For me, you are only 16 girls
who dabble in hockey.
Don't expect any more from me.
You'll regret it.
Ten kilometers.
Ten kilometers. Everyone, come on!
Okay, come on, girls.
Training us for a marathon or a match?
[upbeat music]
Hey.
Running at 4:00 a.m. won't
make us better hockey players.
How dare he treat
national players like this?
We're not kids.
Does he think we don't know how to train?
[blows whistle]
Move.
You.
Take your positions. What's going on?
What's the problem?
You are playing in right wing, right?
-But, sir...
-I think you will be better there, okay?
But I have always played
center-forward for our Haryana team.
Okay, go. Play for the Haryana team.
Everybody in position.
-What is it?
-Coach has instructed me to play
on the forward line.
Go home and play.
Listen, push her out and take her place.
But coach told me to play
in this position.
If coach asks you
to jump in a well, will you?
-But the coach...
-Listen.
Coaches will come and go.
But you will be with us, right?
-Yes, but coach...
-Look.
She's leaving to drink water.
Grab her place.
And listen, don't squeal my name.
What's going on?
I play forward every year.
But in this team, you are the center...
This team or that team,
it doesn't make a difference.
It makes a difference to the team.
You're a senior player, a strong player.
The team needs you at center-half.
Go to your new position.
Sorry.
-Out.
-What?
Sit out and let the others play.
Out.
[upbeat music]
♪ Don't glare at me, don't serenade for me ♪
♪ I know the world inside out ♪
[blows whistle]
♪ Know what is good or bad ♪
♪ I am quite aware of that ♪
♪ My hockey stick does the talking ♪
Pass.
Pass here.
Stop here, guys.
Good goal! Very good, Preeti Sabarwal!
Come on, back to one!
Komal, pass the ball!
I'm free, dammit, pass the ball!
[cheers]
Komal!
What was that?
I scored a goal, sir.
Out.
But you didn't see
what that girl was up to.
I saw everything that was going on.
When she scored the goal,
there was no one around her.
But when you scored, she was there.
And she was the only one
in the scoring position.
Out.
Everybody can only see her
but are blind to her faults.
The British have gone
but left behind them in the cities.
Just step in my village once.
If I don't tie you up
to the buffalo's tail,
you can change my name.
Coach took her side.
Hmm.
He's only a coach, not God.
Very good. Hand slightly closer.
Come, let us rest for a while.
[blows whistle]
Hey.
Out.
So, chow mein,
get angry once more,
and I will pour chili sauce on you
and chew you up.
Come, come here!
Take it, take it, take it, damn you!
[gibberish]
Stop it, stop that, stop the ball.
You piece of... Go kill yourself
or I will kill you.
That...
-Bloody...
-What happened?
Did you not see?
This witch let them score a goal!
You know she cannot understand Punjabi.
She should have learnt it
before coming here!
She was only supposed to have
learnt hockey, which she has.
Apologize to her.
I have never apologized.
Not even to my father.
-Out.
-What?
Out. Out!
Why do you not tell her off?
She is not worth talking to.
I have always said, do not play
with barbarians.
You look very angry.
It looked like you would break her head.
Should I break yours?
[zips bag]
Sir, how long should
these girls be benched?
Don't know.
I do not think anyone can teach
these girls to play hockey together.
Teaching them hockey is a long way off.
I need to teach them something else first.
Good evening.
What is going on?
New sleeping arrangements?
According to the original list.
So? Tell them it has been torn.
Come on, go back to your old places.
No girl will stay with another girl
from her own state.
It is the Coach's order.
So let him say it. Who cares?
Everyone else has agreed.
If you have any problems,
speak to the coach.
Bake in sun all day, switch beds at night.
Is this a national camp or a refugee camp?
Why doesn't he make everyone
sleep on the benches?
How are you?
I have had enough, please come back.
I cannot come.
It is Samir's sister's wedding.
Mom and Dad asked me to call you.
Rakesh, you know
this is the National camp.
But, Vidya...
Look, family comes first, games later.
But, Dad...
Look, you insisted, so we let you play.
Now, we are calling you,
so come back by the next train.
Yes, but I...
-Hello.
-Rakesh, please understand.
I cannot come.
I have waited a long time for this camp.
Vidya, you are great but I am not.
I cannot keep waiting.
The wedding is day after tomorrow.
Come if you want or forget it.
Rakesh...
So?
They wanted a traditional daughter-in-law.
Grandchildren, the whole work from me.
But all I have is this hockey stick...
Is this how you scare them away?
If you want, you can go home
for a couple of days.
If I go now, I will not come back.
It is either this side or that.
But when you were getting married...
I told them everything.
They were thrilled, then.
I had a job thanks to the sports quota
as well as a government flat.
And now?
They have gotten used to the flat.
Now, they want somebody
who will take care of it.
Do you think it is a crime
to play in this country?
No.
You can play house, politics,
or cricket...
You sure can play cricket.
But hockey?
It is a little difficult.
Have you heard of Mohammad bin Tuglaq?
Is he cute?
He was an emperor 500 years ago.
Crazy guy. Drove everyone mad.
Stopped making gold and
silver coins for copper ones.
Failed within five years.
That is how this coach is going to go.
Thinks he can do anything.
If you have such a sharp brain,
why do you not use it when you play?
He will be out in a few days.
The Association will kick him out.
The system does not work like this.
The name suits him.
Tuglaq.
Molly.
Balbir.
Komal.
Bindia, Aliya.
You are benched.
So unless we play by his rules,
he will not let us play.
Tuglaq has lost it.
All right. We are no less.
We will only play at the tournament.
Sir! Sir!
Sir, I would like to play, too.
Okay, okay, I am really sorry.
Sorry.
I'm sorry, okay?
Come on, accept my apology.
-Do you accept, or should I hit you?
-[blows whistle]
Sorry.
Really sorry.
Actually, she is not a bad player.
When she whacks the ball hard,
it takes four girls to stop it.
Admiring your enemy?
Please do not pull my leg.
The coach has already
stopped us from playing.
And then...
Oh, man.
Come, let's play.
Shut up and sit down.
If we play, we will play
in our own positions.
God, look. There is bull chasing her.
You've already scored your 42 goals.
I haven't even started.
Sir, I would like to apologize to her.
Hey, missy. Will you accept my apology
-or do you prefer going to jail?
-What?
Look, if you do not forgive me,
there will be a fight.
Both of us will get hurt,
and we will have to go to jail.
So tell me. Do you accept my apology,
or should we go to the police?
[blows whistle]
Time is up. Come on!
-Ms. Krishna, is anyone injured?
-No, sir.
Okay, now we will reverse the play order.
Defenders will attack and attackers
will defend...
Sorry, sir...
Sorry, sir.
Go attack.
Ball on the center.
With all your heart! Come on!
In the World Cup final,
the team lost to Pakistan.
Wasn't he the team captain?
What captain?
He was Pakistan's captain,
in an Indian uniform.
What are you saying?
It is not only me. Everyone says so.
So how did they make him the coach?
This is India. Anything is possible.
He mentioned taking us to the World Cup.
He has already sold his country once.
This time, he may just sell us as well.
Here you are, scrubbing your shoes.
-Come, see who is downstairs.
-Who?
Take a wild guess.
Is it a film star?
Abhimanyu Singh.
-What?
-You are kidding.
Move, what?
Go see for yourself.
Your bro is here to meet someone.
He may be your brother
-but who is he here for?
-Come, let us see!
Let us go.
You?
She is a sly one, did not
tell anyone she is his fiancée.
Coach has given her leave
till tomorrow morning.
Wow!
-Aliya.
Aliya.
Leave till tomorrow morning.
Why, whatever will they do all night long?
Shocking!
It is confirmed.
They are making me the vice-captain.
Bullshit.
Really?
I do not believe this.
I knew it. How long could
those clowns hold out?
Vice-captain of the
Indian fricking cricket team.
Now you watch
how I teach all these seniors.
You see who rules this team now.
Get out of the way everyone!
It is my turn now.
[laughs]
Why don't you quit all this now?
Quit what?
Your silly stick and ball game.
Come on, baby, forget about it now.
Forget about it and do what?
Do what? Live it up!
Be with me. Travel the world with me.
Live life king-size, with the King.
As the wife of the Vice-Captain
of the Indian Cricket team.
Wife?
Oh, forgot to tell you.
[snickers]
Had a chat with your dad
over drinks yesterday.
I told him I am all for it.
He said we shouldn't delay it anymore.
So it is all fixed.
Anyway, my career is all set.
And what about my career?
What?
What about my career?
What career?
Abhi, I am in the Indian hockey team.
That's not a career, Preeti.
It's just a stupid game.
So is cricket.
Preeti.
I know how much you care
for your little dribbling.
But let us face it.
It is not exactly cricket, is it?
[indistinct chatters]
Look at her enjoying herself.
Damn it, let us go play.
Come on, we have been rotting on
this same bench for the last seven days.
We are players, not Association members
who sit around.
Come on.
Come on!
I will show him my game.
If he is not forced
to make me a forward again,
my name is not Bindia Naik.
Or his is not Mohammad bin Tuglaq.
Sorry, sir, it will not happen again.
We are sorry.
It's okay.
You can play center-half.
[blows whistle]
Thank God, sir.
The situation is under control now.
No, Ms. Krishna.
It is just about to go out of control.
[blows whistle]
Right! Left!
Right!
Faster! Left!
Faster! Faster! Faster! Run faster! Move.
Faster! Faster! Run faster! I mean fast!
Right, left, right! To the ball!
Okay, let's go! Right!
Left!
Pass the ball! Make a pass!
Pass, pass, pass, pass,
pass, pass! Pass! Pass!
Thank you.
Trap and pass!
Move the ball ahead! Come on, move it!
No player will keep the ball
for more than five seconds.
Can you count? Five, four, three, two, one!
Faster! Faster! Run faster!
Faster! Quick, quick!
I mean fast! Faster, faster.
What is your problem?
Do you not see the ball
or are you afraid of it?
Want to practice with a tennis ball
for a few days?
Left, right, left!
Leave the ball, sit!
Go, right!
Go to hell!
Trap, look, and pass.
Stop, look, and move it ahead.
Do not move yourself forward.
Move the ball forward!
Do one thing, pick up the ball.
Pick it up!
Put it in your pocket and go home.
Go play on the Chandigarh team
from tomorrow.
No need to play here.
And, you!
What are you so angry about?
Raise your game first
and then raise your voice.
If I hear you shout out one more time,
you will be out!
Hey, you!
Why are you the center-half?
Because you are the senior
most player in the team.
Your job is not to push the
forward line but to teach them.
And one more thing.
There can only be one bully in every team.
And for this team, it is me.
Look behind!
Pass it.
You! Call this a pass?
You are only good enough
to plough fields in your village.
Forget about hockey!
And why are you standing around?
Go get the ball!
What are you looking at?
[blows whistle]
Right! Left!
Relax!
Nethra!
[blows whistle]
Ms. Krishna.
Give her water and take her out! Quickly!
So...
you are India's best hockey players!
You will go to the World Championship!
To raise India's flag!
The Association is right.
How will you ever play hockey?
You cannot play as one team.
How the hell will you ever win
a World Championship?
What are you staring at?
She is unconscious, not dead!
Ms. Krishna! Take her away! Out!
I had said it on the first day.
This team only needs those
who first play for India.
Then, for their teammates.
And then, if there is any
life left, for themselves.
Let's start again.
[blows whistle]
Right!
[water running]
So, did you see what happens
when you let the coach think he is God?
The blood will not stop.
I warned you guys.
Have seen lot like these from years.
Let me help.
Do you want to eat something?
Wake up at 4:00 a.m., run for 20km.
And on the field, he does not let us play.
What kind of a camp is this?
Does it hurt a lot?
Here! It hurts here.
He insulted us!
Hit with the ball!
He knows damn well
you cannot speak English.
But you have to learn it!
What you have not learnt
in your whole life, learn it in a day!
Or else get out of the team.
Hey, he cannot throw you out!
Do not worry, I will teach you.
How can he cut you out of the team?
What do you say, Aliya?
No freedom to eat, to move around
and when we play, he insults us.
This is not a primary school.
Each girl is a national level player.
A champion from her state.
That is why she is here.
If there is a failure among us, it is him.
He sold his country out in the World Cup!
Was thrown out of the team, and the game.
What else can I say?
I am ashamed to say any more.
Does it hurt?
I have a spray.
Sorry.
How is Nethra?
She's all right.
The doctor says she will be back
to practice in a couple of days.
Practice?
Have you lost it?
From now on, there will be no practice.
There will be no practice from tomorrow!
Look here, Bindia...
You look here!
We know you like him...
...but you should also realize
that the team is on this side.
It is time you choose
which side you're on.
Yes.
Definitely.
I have thought about it.
Now, only the Association can decide
how this team should run.
The way teams have always run
in this country.
Or the way Tuglaq wants it.
We'll all sign this.
Now, it is either the coach...
...or our team.
Sign this, Gul.
Sir.
Have some.
Wasn't that too much today?
They are girls, after all.
How much can we push them?
If you look for the strength of boys...
I am not looking for strength.
I am looking for team spirit.
You do not need strength to make
a team, you need team spirit.
But, sir...
at this rate, you will become their enemy.
If they can become a team
by making me an enemy,
then it is a small price
to pay, Ms. Krishna.
Why are you not on the field?
Is there a problem?
The team does not want
to practice with you.
What rubbish!
We want a new coach.
I will give you one.
Why, Ms. Krishna? Why would you hit us?
We are not the ones who sold our country.
-Quiet!
-Sir!
Seven years.
After seven years, I came back to hockey
believing that this time,
I will beat the one thing that
defeated my team once and for all.
But today...
...once again, I have lost to it.
You do not have a problem with me.
You have a problem with the fact...
...that instead of making you
play against each other,
I am forcing you to play with one another.
Because I have forced you
to think about your team
before you think about yourself.
Because I forced you to play for India
before you play for your own state.
Fine.
You have won.
I have lost.
But I am not sorry to you.
I am sorry...
...to my country.
Which even after taking my blood,
sweat, my love, my life,
does not believe that
I played for it once,
and will play for it all my life.
I resign as the coach of this team.
[somber music]
Please, just think it over, sir.
You have worked so hard.
Today is my last day in this camp.
Before I leave,
I am taking the staff out for lunch.
You are welcome to join us if you wish.
No obligations.
[car engine starts]
Hi, beautiful.
Come on, join us, babes! Hey, come on!
She's red hot, dude.
[whistles]
Hey, baby, hey, hey.
Harassing girls, are you? Try it!
Get lost!
Balbir!
Wait!
Hit him! Do not let him go!
Wait.
Harassing girls!
Hit him!
Don't let him go! Don't let him go!
Not from behind.
Have guts to attack from the front.
You see, in hockey there are no cowards.
[scattered groans]
Is this a team or an army of devils?
I told you.
It is not strength,
but spirit that makes a team.
For the first time,
I have seen team spirit.
[chairs clattering]
Sir.
I was just...
I was just trying to say that...
I mean...
Let sleeping dogs lie, I mean.
Hey, tell him.
Sir, what she means...
What we're trying to say, is...
Tomorrow morning, 5:00 a.m. sharp.
I want everyone on the field.
[upbeat music]
♪ Go for it, India! ♪
[birds chirping]
Come, come, come.
We will run two more kilometers today.
Come on, guys.
Okay, let's go.
♪ Do something, do something ♪
♪ My veins are bursting ♪
♪ Oh, please do something ♪
♪ Do something, do something ♪
♪ For talk and sermons bite the dust ♪
♪ It is time to do something ♪
♪ Be stubborn if that is what it takes ♪
♪ Do or die
All is at stake ♪
♪ Be stubborn if that is what it takes ♪
♪ Do or die
All is at stake ♪
♪ Go for it, India! ♪
♪ In the fighting kite
In the riot of might ♪
♪ In the games and the fair
In the bumpy trains so bare ♪
♪ In the sweetness of sugarcane
In the clothes of the rich or vain ♪
♪ Seek and you will find
Heat that binds bricks ♪
♪ A color has emerged
And it is spreading converged ♪
♪ This color of the reign
Is embedded in your veins ♪
♪ Stand immovable, invincible
Obstinate in times of trouble ♪
♪ Scraped and scarred ♪
♪ Move on even if marred ♪
♪ Be stubborn if that is what it takes ♪
♪ Do or die
All is at stake ♪
♪ Be stubborn if that is what it takes ♪
♪ Do or die
All is at stake ♪
♪ Go for it, India! ♪
♪ Do something, do something ♪
-You can't go.
-Why not?
Because we are getting married.
What?
You cannot go on the 25th,
we are getting married on the 2nd.
-What?
-I have fixed the dates
after discussing it with your parents.
And me? No need to discuss this with me?
What is the point of discussing it?
You want to get married to me, don't you?
But... not like this.
-I need time.
-For what?
I am playing for the World Cup, Abhi.
Have you gone insane?
You want to postpone
our wedding for the World Cup?
What if it was your World Cup?
That is totally different.
It is the Cricket World Cup.
It is really important.
This is really important for me.
More important than our marriage?
I have to go. Goodnight.
Go. Go play the in World cup.
If you lose, you will become my wife.
If you win, you will become my wife.
It is not like when you come back...
...the whole country
will remember your name.
One thing I promise you, Mr. Abhimanyu.
This will definitely happen.
-The team is shaping up well, sir.
-Yes.
The captain of this team will be Vidya.
Congratulations, Vidya.
Congratulations!
Give it a break.
I have nothing to say to you.
For the first time something good
is happening. Take part in it.
You already did.
The way Bindia is behaving...
Do you think it is right for her
to be on the team?
I do not know, Ms. Krishna.
But it is also not right to take
the most experienced player
off the team.
I do not think we can deal with her.
We cannot win without her either.
Isn't that your World Cup silver medal?
What are you doing with it?
Trying to scrub it into gold.
If I ever need to sell it
in the flea market,
at least I will get a good price.
Mr. Kabir.
It is best if you forget
about the World Cup.
And tell these girls, as well.
The ones who you have
given such high hopes, too.
But our deal was to train
this team for the World Cup.
It was not like we signed
on a legal document.
You cannot hold us up to it.
You discussed it
in front of me, Mr. Tripathi.
We will discuss it
in front of you once more.
Look. On one hand, there is
the Indian men's team
which will at least get a bronze medal.
And on the other,
there is this team of misfits.
But this team is ready for the World Cup.
If you say they are ready
to go to the moon tomorrow,
should we send them?
This team cannot go
to the World Cup. It is decided.
Be honest.
Tell us you are taking money
from the Women's team
to give to the Men's team.
You guys are sports people.
Why do you want to get involved
in things that do not concern you?
Shall we?
But, Mr. Tripathi.
Let us have a match.
What?
Yes. Let us have a match.
Between my team and your team.
You mean men's team versus women's team?
I mean, between my team and your team.
If we lose, we lose.
But if we win, we go to the World Cup.
Think about what you
are saying, Mr. Kabir.
Do not bet like Pandavas.
You will be left standing naked.
It has already happened to you once.
All right. The moring of day after tomorrow.
But we need time to train.
The moring of day after tomorrow. Yes, or no?
-Mr. Tripathi...
-The moring of day after tomorrow,
we will meet on the field.
Shall we?
Mr. Tripathi, even your team
needs to practice.
Come out.
Those are women...
Shit!
First of all, we will never win.
And by some chance, if we do...
Chance! Huh! Don't push your luck.
Imagine how many goals we will lose by.
And once we lose, it is over forever!
What have you done, sir?
We are like sitting ducks.
Ducks? I have faith in this team.
Does this team have faith in itself?
Come on. Let us go.
Look.
You are not playing against these boys.
Come on, get ready. Hurry.
Do not think... Here, let me have it.
Do not think you are playing
against 16 boys.
No. Hold it.
You are fighting everyone in this country
who thinks girls can
never match up to men.
Can't hold a job as well as a man.
Can't make decisions like men.
You are fighting each fool
who has forgotten
that if a girl has given life to him,
then she can do anything.
Anything.
Hmm?
It is a huge match, perhaps
bigger than you or me.
And that is why I should be
telling you to play fearlessly.
Play together.
Play with all your might.
I could tell you to play like this,
play like that, but...
...I will just say one thing.
Go for it.
[thrilling music]
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Good morning, sir.
[blows whistle]
[indistinct chatters]
Back pass.
Get that guy.
Take it from him.
Come on.
But, sir, that was a foul.
Very good, boys.
[grunts]
-[blows whistle]
-Very good, boys. Very good.
Very good. Well played.
[blows whistle]
Good job, girls.
Come on, come on girls. Well played!
Well played, well played. Come on.
Don't tire yourselves running.
-Do smaller passes...
-Should we stop
if you have had enough, Mr. Kabir?
Or do you still want to play?
Sir, the match isn't over yet.
Your girls could not
even reach the boys' half.
-What more can they do?
-Mr. Yadav, what...
Well, he's right, Ms. Krishna.
We always used to say it.
These are regular Indian women.
How will they run around
in shorts and miniskirts?
Yes, Mr. Yadav, tell them like it is.
What can you do? You will fall
flat on your faces, you'll see.
[rackets clatter]
Oh, Mr. Yadav. You have fallen.
Will you get up by yourself?
Or should I ask the girls
to give you a hand?
Go for it!
Go, Komal.
Pass it here.
Goal!
[cheers]
-[indistinct chatters]
-Go ahead!
Well done.
[applause]
-[indistinct chatters]
-Okay. Take positions.
-[screams]
-[cheers]
Goal!
Take it that side.
[shouts] Go, Komal!
-[blows whistle]
-Shit.
They played well.
Good job. Good defense.
-Good job.
-Well played, girls.
[scattered applause]
♪ Go for it, India! ♪
-Should we send them, sir?
-Send? Where?
Oh, well...
-Yes, send them.
-Yes! Yes!
Kabir!
World Championship! Yes!
DEPARTURE
♪ How could I have imagined
That this would happen? ♪
♪ When did I ever believe?
But it has, it has indeed happened ♪
♪ Pinch me
I am not in my senses ♪
♪ Hold my feet
They are soaring in the air ♪
♪ Are my feet on the clouds
Or is this a land of illusion? ♪
♪ Now it has taken off
Our boat has taken sail ♪
♪ Are my feet on the clouds
Or is this a land of illusion? ♪
♪ Now it has taken off
Our boat has taken sail ♪
♪ It is the taste of the sky ♪
♪ After eons ♪
Is it day or night? rt beats hard
Is it day or night? ♪
♪ You have finally been magnanimous, God
Thank you ♪
♪ Are my feet on the clouds
Or is this a land of illusion? ♪
♪ Now it has taken off
Our boat has taken sail ♪
♪ Are my feet on the clouds
Or is this a land of illusion? ♪
♪ Now it has taken off
Our boat has taken sail ♪
♪ The mates have embarked ♪
♪ The paths are unknown ♪
♪ But we can do it, I know there's a way ♪
♪ The dreams we saw blindfolded
We live today ♪
♪ Are my feet on the clouds
Or is this a land of illusion? ♪
♪ Now it has taken off
Our boat has taken sail ♪
♪ Are my feet on the clouds
Or is this a land of illusion? ♪
♪ Now it has taken off
Our boat has taken sail ♪
Greetings from Kapil Verma.
Welcome to Melbourne's State
Hockey and Netball Centre.
In the World Women's
Hockey Championship today,
India will be playing against
six-time World Champion, Australia.
The teams are greeting each other.
Australia exudes the confidence
of World Champions.
[anthem playing]
The teams pay their respects
to their flags.
A deep sense of pride in the eyes
of Coach Kabir Khan and his team.
[helicopter whirring]
Excitement in the stands.
Teams are raring to go...
...and the match begins.
Australia has the ball.
Back pass.
A long scoop, straight
to India's 25-yard line.
Left the Indian defenders behind.
Cross pass and goal.
Perhaps the fastest goal in the
history of the World Championship.
From the very first minute, there's
pressure on the Indian team.
It is all right! There's lots of time. Come on!
Coach Kabir trying to bolster his team.
But one more strong attack
from Australia...
and goal!
Goal!
That witch just kicked!
Hey, that's not fair! Anyway...
[blows whistle]
India, Australia's ball.
Hey! That big moose kicked
me hard, did you not see that?
India, careful!
Balbir! Don't argue! Just play!
-Go get your eyes checked!
-Be careful.
Australia's ball.
I'll show you.
-[whistle blows]
-Hey!
Hey, that's completely wrong!
Totally unfair!
What is she saying?
-Go back to your goal.
-Go back to my goal?
-You made a wrong decision!
-Calm down!
Sir, what is she doing?
She will get a card!
If you open your mouth
one more time, you will be off.
-Go back to your goal.
-You go back, you idiot!
A yellow card and suspension for Balbir.
Penalty corner for Australia.
Could be dangerous for India.
-[indistinct chatters]
What a pig headed referee.
Is she a pig headed idiot or are you?
We are left with ten players now.
Ms. Krishna, give her water.
Go Aussies!
And penalty corner specialist
Abernathy has been waiting
for this moment.
Push, trap, hit...
-...and goal.
-[blows whistle]
[giberish]
A last ditch attempt to save
the match by Coach Kabir Khan.
Where should I hit it?
Anywhere you please.
Tell, please!
Don't ask me. Go ask your captain.
Seems a move is made between
senior Bindia Naik and Soimoi, but...
...some confusion between the players,
and once more Australia scores.
[cheers]
And in the second half,
Australia-five, India-zero.
Indian center-forward
Preeti Sabarwal on attack.
-With her, is right-in Komal Chautala.
-Preeti! Pass!
Both playing the World Championship
for the first time,
-proving a challenge for Australia.
-Preeti's pass!
Dodges one defender, another one.
Keeping the ball for so long.
Komal's ready but Preeti doesn't pass.
Komal, pass!
What are you doing, Komal? Pass!
-Pass, Komal! No one's on this side!
-[indistinct chatters]
A precious opportunity lost
because of the lack of coordination
between the Indian forwards.
And the old Indian attitude strikes again.
Good save, good save!
-Yeah?
-They are playing defence.
Let's get the Coach to
implement the Dutch tactic.
Yes?
Some confusion in the match.
Looks like Soimoi does not
understand the referee.
And one more penalty corner for Australia.
Match over! Australia-seven, India-zero.
A shameful defeat for India.
[indistinct chatters]
-Well played.
-How did you ever
make it to the World Championship?
Thank you. Bad luck. Next time.
Bindia!
[smacks wall] Bindia.
What were you up to?
Me? Where?
What were you doing on the field?
Nothing.
You are not going to play
any more in this Championship.
What's so special about her?
What?
Tell me, what does she have that I don't?
Who?
Your captain, sir.
If we have to get down to it,
why don't we just spell it out?
Neither of us are naive here, sir.
Neither you, nor me.
I can do everything that
she is doing to be a captain.
And much more.
Now tell me, why can't I be the captain?
You have just answered your question.
[thunder rumbles]
[Mr. Tripathi] A team that is not fit to play
against European high schools.
And you wish to redeem your name
by coaching such a team.
[woman] Association denounced Kabir Khan,
declared he did his country wrong.
[man #1] These kind of people should have
moved to Pakistan during the partition.
[man #2] Someone has sold out?
[boy] Daddy, I want to see
what a traitor looks like.
[all chanting] Down with Kabir Khan!
[in Arabic] Allah, bring me strength
and bring victory closer.
[Kapil] [in English] After such a debacle
in the first match itself,
it is almost certain that India
will be out of the Championship.
There is one chance of survival.
Defeating England in tomorrow's match.
But looking at India's form,
it is highly unlikely.
Take it back.
Pass to Aliya!
[blows whistle]
Come here! Come here, everyone!
Okay.
-We are making the same mistakes again.
-Water.
Short pass, close to the ground.
Set-piece A6.
From Balbir to Rani. Rani to Molly,
Molly to Gul, Gul to Preeti.
Preeti to Komal,
from Komal back to Preeti.
Preeti to Komal again and Komal to goal.
Set-piece A6. Does everyone remember?
-Yes, sir.
-Good! Repeat it.
Preeti to Komal, Komal to Preeti,
from Preeti to Gul, Gul to Komal...
That's B6.
I will beat the crap out of anyone
who cannot remember.
Balbir, if you do not control your temper,
the situation can
get out of control. Okay?
-Yes, sir.
-Good.
If it becomes a team of ten again,
there is no hope.
Is there anything left, now?
Okay, let's start
all over again everybody.
Twenty minutes more.
Concentrate on defence. Go!
Here's the ball.
Ready.
Full power! Play with
all you've got! Come on!
Come on.
Come on, Balbir.
-Come on! Pass it!
-[indistinct chatters]
Pass it. Fast.
Lights out.
Greetings, and welcome
to the World Championship
in Melbourne where England
is playing in Group A for two points.
But India is fighting to stay
in the Championship.
Good!
The UK Coach has promised to beat India
by even more goals than Australia.
Maybe that is why
there are not too many spectators around.
UK has gone on the attack immediately.
Indian players are struggling.
Half press forward!
[Kapil] Komal Chautala blocks.
Great job, Komal!
Balbir, Soimoi!
Number 6.
-Hey, do it.
-[indistinct chatters]
[Kapil] Today, India seem to have
better coordination.
But the UK forwards attack once more.
-And India saves.
-Yes! Good!
Hey!
[Kapil] Foul!
[Krishna] Balbir!
Keep calm!
I got hurt here.
Okay, fine, guess it's a part of the game.
That's rubbish!
Good, Balbir!
Thank God, she didn't hit her.
Twenty minutes left in the first half.
England gets a penalty corner.
Could be dangerous for India.
Take a great shot!
Go!
-Didi! Didi! Didi!
-[Kapil] And India has made no mistakes.
-I am confused. Which one of them is Didi?
-[horn blares]
Go for it!
Second half.
India has not given up any goals.
But hasn't scored any either.
-Preeti, come on! Fall back! On the double!
-[indistinct chatters]
Well played.
Save.
Well done! Well done, Gunjan!
Well done. Come on, everyone.
[Kapil] Last three minutes of the match.
Both teams goalless.
England is trying hard to score.
But Indian defender Soimoi has the ball.
Soimoi to Mary.
Mary to Preeti.
Pick it up! Pick it up!
Preeti, I'm free! Pass!
Pass, Preeti.
[Kapil] And goal!
Unbelievable!
Wow! What a goal, sir!
She made the British forget their English!
Great job, Preeti!
Jesus! Bloody hell!
What was she doing?
No!
-[Kapil] Last 20 seconds of the match.
-[blows whistle]
-[Kabir] Get it. Get it!
-[horn blares]
[Kapil] And with this final hooter,
the unexpected has happened.
India has defeated UK by 1-0,
managing to stay in the Championship
and getting a new lease of life.
-Well played!
-Well, done. Congratulations!
Well played. Well done.
Well done, well done.
It's a good thing you controlled
your temper, Balbir!
Let's go, girls! Come on!
Everybody, let's go!
[Kapil] The future may be unclear, but for now...
India has retained itself
in the World Championship.
[Kapil] India versus Spain.
Komal!
♪ Do something, do something ♪
♪ My veins are bursting ♪
♪ Oh, please do something ♪
[Kapil] A superb goal by Komal Chautala!
♪ Do something, do something ♪
♪ For talks and sermons bite the dust ♪
♪ It is time to do something ♪
♪ Be stubborn if that is what it takes ♪
♪ Do or die, all is at stake ♪
♪ Go for it! Go for it, India! ♪
♪ Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide ♪
♪ Let's take our time till we drop ♪
Keep it up!
Can I get some water?
Shall I give you a kick instead?
♪ Give the battle cry of war
And give it again and again ♪
♪ Don't lag behind in the race, my friend ♪
♪ Let them pull you back
As much as they can ♪
♪ Stand immovable, invincible
Abstinate in times of trouble ♪
♪ Scraped and scarred
Move on even if marred ♪
Preeti has sprinted ahead.
Buck up, Komal.
Get even in the next match.
♪ Do or die, all is at stake ♪
♪ Go for it! Go for it, India! ♪
[Kapil] Surprising everyone
with its sudden rise,
Kabir Khan's team is playing a match
that may stop it in its tracks tomorrow.
If India wins, it enters the semifinals.
And if it loses,
it is out of the World Cup.
Tomorrow, India will
play against Argentina.
A team well known for its rough play
and injuring opponents.
-Piss off!
-[screams and grunts]
Hey!
[grunts]
Hey! It is a foul!
[groans]
-One second! One second!
-Get back.
-She's hurt! Ms. Krishna, go to her!
Hey, Gul. Are you all right?
ARGENTINA, INDIA
HALF TIME
Water. Here, drink this. Stretch, stretch.
From this moment on, I don't
want to see the ball in our half.
Balbir, you play your game.
I'll... I'll beat these girls.
So beat them.
If they hit two of us, you hit four.
If they hit four, you hit eight.
Destroy them so bad that
they'll be scared to pick up
a hockey stick again.
-Sir...
-Shh. Don't let them dare come
in the way of Preeti, Komal, or Nethra.
Attack them.
Don't stop attacking them
till they break or you break.
[horn blares]
[groans]
Forward up!
♪ Go forth in a different way ♪
♪ Go forth and be safe ♪
♪ Then it's you and my hockey stick ♪
Yes!
-Yes!
-[blows whistle]
-Yes! Yes!
-Go for it!
[blows horn]
[Kapil] The Indian team coached
by Kabir Khan has reached
the semi finals of the Championship.
We are in the semifinals!
Did you ever doubt it?
[Kapil] But now India will go up
against South Korea,
a team that hasn't let
a single team reach its goal.
[Vidya] Man to man marking?
[Kabir] Yes, player behind each player,
player behind each player.
This is Korea's game.
We will be paralyzed by this game,
let alone scoring goals.
Who can crack this kind of game?
There is one player.
You were right.
You do have something
that she just doesn't.
And that no other girl on this team has.
Take this.
Why?
Because right now India needs
its most experienced player.
Only you know how to break
man to man marking.
The match is about to begin. Go.
Go and break it.
-[blows whistle]
-[upbeat music]
[Kapil] As expected, Korea's man to man marking
has paralyzed the Indian forwards.
Aliya Bose, Preeti Sabarwal,
Komal Chautala...
...no player can move an inch.
Mary!
[Kapil] Substitution. Number 5,
Bindia Naik on field.
Gunjan, come on Kanykumari!
[Kapil] There's a sudden shift. The game
seems to be changing direction.
Defenders Bindia Naik and
Gunjan Lakhani are on attack.
They are playing in a unique style.
Korean players are confused.
-And goal!
-[blows whistle]
-Goal!
-[all cheering]
♪ Go for it ♪
♪ Then it's you and my hockey stick ♪
[horn blares]
-Yes!
-We won!
India has reached the
World Championship Finals.
By the sound in this stadium,
you can guess what the state
of the Indian team must be.
And what state its coach must be in
who was stopped from bringing his team
to the Championship couple of months ago.
Who could have guessed that India would
score such a smashing goal in World hockey
without one of the world's best
center-forwards
even lifting a hockey stick
or entering the field.
-Hi, Bill!
-Well played.
Thanks.
-Can I please get your autograph?
-Sure.
Whoa!
I love the shoes.
You are definitely going to be
the Highest Scorer of
the World Championship.
But you have got competition.
See! Eight goals.
Komal's ahead once more.
You idiots.
You have your own
World Championship going on.
[laughter]
-[Sukhlal] Hello.
-Hello.
Mr. Sukhlal! Speak up!
[Sukhlal] Amazing, Ms. Krishna!
These devils have been
raising quite a hell.
With your blessings, Mr. Sukhlal.
The travelling theatre
had come by, Ms. Krishna.
I made it very clear to them
that this is the Indian women
hockey team's ground.
It is waiting for its team. I'm not
going to give it out to anyone.
Now, only hockey practices
will be held here.
Hello, here. Speak here.
Hello! I am really missing
your curd rice, Mr. Sukhlal.
If you guys win the World Cup,
I will make curd rice for you all my life.
Don't lose now. Don't lose.
We will not.
We will lose our lives, but not the game.
♪ I was your third color once ♪
♪ Your tune was the rhythm of my life ♪
♪ You were my master, you were my pride ♪
♪ My master, my life is yours to take ♪
What are you doing here, sir?
Look.
It is the first time I've seen
a foreigner raise the Indian flag.
We have reached the finals.
Is this a dream?
What do you think?
It must be a dream.
It is your dream, isn't it?
♪ My master, my life is yours to take ♪
[man] Thank you very much
for being here this evening.
[Kapil] Tonight is the night
for an official reception
for the finalists.
The Federation of International Hockey
is holding a dinner in their honor.
So that tonight they can forget
about winning or losing
and just celebrate that they are
the two best teams in the world.
[man] Ladies and gentlemen,
the six-time World Cup champion...
...the team from Australia.
Sorry. Best of luck.
Yes, yes. Happy Diwali.
What's did she say?
She's saying watch out
for the fireworks tomorrow.
Excuse me.
Do we have to wear this?
First time wearing it. It is a pain.
-Do you care for a drink?
-No, thank you.
[whispering]
-What is it, Nethra?
-Nothing.
What is it?
-What do you mean?
-I mean, why did you call me here?
Me? You're the one who called me.
Did a mad dog bite me to call you?
-You called...
-[man] I have called you.
You? But why, sir?
To tell you that tomorrow,
we are going to lose in the finals.
What? Why?
Why?
Because tomorrow, two of our players
are going to play for Australia.
-No, sir, it is not like that...
-Do you think
that the Australian coach
and team are blind?
You think they haven't figured out
that India's main forwards
do not pass to each other?
You think they will not take
advantage of this fact?
-Sir, whatever I do is for the team...
-Komal, you cannot fool me.
At least do not try to fool yourself.
You fought with you father,
mother, brother, your village
to come here and play hockey.
But now, you are playing something else.
Even you know this.
Tell her, sir. She's the one
who started it all...
And you will finish it
in tomorrow's match?
Is that the plan?
And you.
Preeti Sabarwal.
Chandigarh Captain.
You lost your consciousness to join
this team,
but now you have lost all sense, why?
Neither of you are children.
You know very well that
if you do not play together,
we will never win the finals.
Once upon a time, an Indian team
had lost a final.
You don't know what it is like
to bear that cross.
But when you do...
...it will be too heavy to bear.
Neither of you has
the strength to bear it.
Nobody has the strength to bear it.
Between you two,
you both know what the problem is.
All I know is that whether you
both play on our side or not...
...the rest of my team will play
together against Australia.
And if necessary, against
both of you as well.
Now, both of you decide...
whether you want to play with your team...
...or against it?
Whatever happens,
I will score the most goals.
What are you trying to prove?
I am not trying to prove anything, Komal.
I just want to show a foolish boy
what a woman is capable of.
I will score the most goals,
no matter what happens.
I want to see you try and do it.
[whooshing]
[man] And tonight is the night that
everybody has been waiting for.
The night of the Women's
Hockey World Championship finals.
A match that is completely unexpected.
Because tonight we have the current,
and six-time World Champion, Australia,
playing against India, a team
that has risen like a juggernaut.
A team that has won the hearts of many
with its dazzling display
of determination and skill.
But winning hearts and winning the
World Cup are two different things.
And this is the ordeal by fire
of Coach Kabir Khan's team.
By what strategy, what skill,
what magic, what dream,
will this team from India beat the game
against the six-time world champion?
Girls.
Seventy minutes.
Seventy minutes is all you have.
Perhaps, the most important
70 minutes of your life.
Today, whether you play
very well, or badly...
...you will always remember
these 70 minutes
for the rest of your life.
Today, I won't tell you how to play.
All I will say is...
Go! And play for all you're worth
in these 70 minutes.
Because in the days to come...
...whether life goes well for you or not,
whether you have something
to call your own or not,
whether you win or lose,
these 70 minutes are something
that nobody can ever take away from you.
Nobody.
So, I thought...
I will not tell you
how to play today's match.
You will. By playing it.
Because I know that
if in these 70 minutes,
each player of this team plays
the best hockey of her life,
then not even God can
take away your 70 minutes.
So, go.
Go, and from yourself...
from your life, from God,
from anyone who did not
have any faith in you...
steal your 70 minutes.
Chak De!
Go Aussies!
Come on, girls! Come on. It's gonna start.
[crowd cheering]
[blows whistle]
Bindia, center!
Hey, pass it!
No one's on the left wing.
Towards the left side!
[blows whistle]
[cheering]
[commentator] In the very first minute,
India has shown
that it will not play this match
as an underdog team.
Just how important this goal
was for the team's psyche
is reflected in the look of pride
on Coach Kabir Khan's face.
What the hell just happened?
They have changed something.
Find out what it is.
-[whistle blows]
-Come on, come on, come on!
[commentator] Australia's counterattack.
[shouitng indistinctly]
And save.
Australia is not a team
to take things lying down
and their attack could be
dangerous for India.
Gunjan to Komal.
Komal pass!
[commentator] Nice dodge.
Komal! Pass to Preeti! Pass!
[talking indistinctly]
[commentator] Preeti Sabarwal has scored
eight goals in the tournament.
-Half time.
-[fans singing indistinctly]
And somehow India has managed
to hold on to its advantage.
But the second half has always
been Australia's strong point.
Australia's strong attack.
India under pressure.
Reverse hit.
-And goal!
-[whistle blows]
Play together!
-A pass.
-Move with them!
Once more, Australia on attack.
Block.
Push and goal!
India-1, Australia-2.
Only a few minutes are left
and Australia's strategy
is to not let go of the ball
to kill India's chances
of scoring an equalizer.
Australia has the ball.
But India has snatched it.
Go, Komal!
Preeti, come forward.
Come out! She won't pass!
Preeti!
Show the idiot!
[whistle blows]
[cheers]
[whistles]
Thank you.
[cheering]
[commentator] And extra time.
Come on, go ahead.
Move back!
-Emily! Get out there!
-[indistinct shouting]
Come on! There is still time!
[indistinct shouting]
[horn blares]
[commentator] And that's the end
of extra time. Smiles in the Indian camp.
Because now they will face the
Australian team in a tie breaker.
For India it means a genuine
chance to win this tournament.
Because now, the winner will be
decided by a penalty shootout.
Each team will have a chance
of taking 5 penalty strokes.
And the team with the most goals
will become the World Champion.
Captain, now everything is up to you.
Save us, Vidya.
Preeti, Aliya, Bindia.
Mary, Nethra. Come, quick!
Come here, girls, quick.
You girls are taking the penalty.
Remember one thing.
Don't attack the goal
but the goalkeeper's mind.
You will win the goal automatically.
-Yes, sir.
-We can win it. Come on girls! Well done!
Sir, if Komal can take my stroke...
Komal!
Komal, quick!
Preeti wants you to take her stroke.
All right, let's get this going!
Come on, everyone! All the best!
[crowd cheering]
[commentator] Australia-2, India-2.
India's first striker is right-out
Nethra Reddy from Andhra.
Come on, Nethra!
Goalie, ready?
Yeah.
Striker, ready?
[blows whistle]
[commentator]
And India has wasted its first chance.
Every missed stroke can prove costly.
Now, it is Australia's turn.
Defending the Indian goal is
Vidya Sharma, India's captain.
Australia's Number 1, Sarah Abernathy.
Goalie, ready?
Ready.
[referee] Striker, ready?
[blows whistle]
[commentator] And goal.
A swift ground shot that can leave
any goalie stumped.
India-2, Australia-3.
Aliya Bose.
-Aliya, easy.
-[blows whistle]
Another miss.
Opportunities wasted and
the Cup grows further away.
Careful, Vidya.
Striker Sheryl Jones.
Focus...
[referee] Goalie, ready?
-Striker, ready?
-[blows whistle]
[commentator] And another goal.
Australia's lead is growing.
[cheers]
Now to stay in the game, India
will have to stop every stroke
and convert every stroke into a goal.
At this crucial moment,
we have Komal Chautala.
Center-forward from Haryana
and the team's right-in.
[player] Don't miss it, Komal.
Come on, Komal! Just hit it!
Yes! Aussies!
[blows whistle]
[commentator] A beautiful scoop and goal!
India manages to save itself.
India-3, Australia-4.
Vidya Sharma ready once more.
Rachael Taylor ready.
No room for mistakes.
[player] Come on, Vidya.
[blows whistle]
And a great save.
India-3, Australia-4.
There is still hope for India,
but to win,
it will have to convert
the next two strokes into goals.
India's next striker
penalty shoot-out specialist, Mary Ralte.
[blows whistle]
A great scoop and goal!
India on par with Australia.
But Australia has two more strokes
-and India, one.
-[player] Come on, Vidya Didi! Save it!
[commentator]
Australian striker Emily Jones.
India's last chance.
It is imperative to score and that is why
experienced Bindia Naik
will take this stroke.
[player] Come on, Bindia!
[blows whistle]
[cheers]
Maybe this is what they call experience.
[whistles]
We come now to the last stroke
of the penalty shootout.
If Australia scores,
the shootout will continue.
But if Vidya saves the goal,
then this Indian team will make history.
[man 1] India-Pakistan.
[commentator] Just one penalty stroke
between India and the World Championship.
[man 1] India is one goal behind Pakistan.
But Captain Kabir is taking
the stroke himself.
[man 2] Why did you take
the penalty stroke yourself?
[Kabir] You do not know what
it is like, to bear that cross.
She will hit on the left.
Her stick is turned to the left.
But her foot is facing right.
She will hit right.
No, left side. Okay right, left.
Oh, my God.
She is going to hit
straight into the goal.
Vidya.
Look at me.
Vidya, look at me.
-[loud heartbeat]
-[sighs]
[blows whistle]
[cheers erupting]
♪ I was your third color once ♪
♪ You were my master, you were my pride ♪
♪ My master, my life is yours to take ♪
[fireworks crackling]
[female presenter]
And now, ladies and gentlemen,
we present to you the new
World Champions, Team India.
[cheers and applause]
[players] India, India!
India, India!
Jai Hind!
[man] By becoming World Champions,
the Indian Women's hockey team
has made every Indian's heart sing.
And the man who gave India this victory
is none other than one of
Asia's best center-forward, Kabir Khan.
[woman] Thousands of Indians
waiting here at the airport
for the man of the moment, Kabir Khan.
But he does not seem to be here
in this moment of glory.
Where is Kabir Khan?
[man 1] What do ex-players have
to say about the man
who returned to the game
after seven years?
[man 2]
As long as players like Kabir Khan exist,
Indian hockey can hold its head high.
[man 3] Khan has proved that
there is no greater motivation
than playing for your flag.
[people] Kabir Khan, the spirit of India!
Kabir Khan, the pride of India!
[man 4] The credit of winning this trophy
is being given to the team's
coach Kabir Khan.
And what does the man
on the street have to say?
[man 5] There can be no one more
respected than the man
who raised the status
of our National game.
[man 6]
He makes you feel proud to be an Indian,
has showed us all who a true Indian is.
[people] Kabir Khan, the spirit of India!
Kabir Khan, the pride of India!
♪ Chak de! Chak de ♪
♪ Chak de India! ♪
Chak de!
Oh! Chak de!
♪ I was your third color once ♪
♪ Your tune was the rhythm of my life ♪
♪ You were my master, you were my pride ♪
♪ My master, my life is yours to take ♪
Sir, it is heard that Preeti has no clue
that you are going to propose to her
before the entire country.
-No, she has no idea.
-What if she says no?
-Hello, hello. Nice to meet you.
Preeti.
[in English] Will you marry me?
[reporter]
Preeti, tell us, will you marry Abhimanyu?
No.
[in English] She's only joking.
[in Hindi] Please, move.
[in English] What was that?
[in Hindi] The truth.
[in Hindi] Where are you going?
To my team.
But what about us, Preeti? You and me?
Us? We never existed, Abhi.
It was only you.
But now, I exist as well.
I don't need to be your wife.
[in English] Have a good life
and learn some sportsman
spirit if you can.
Preeti has refused. What is your plan now?
This is for you.
How are you, Mum? How are you, Dad?
I just want to say one thing, Komal.
If I ever stop you from playing again,
just give me a couple of whacks
with this very stick.
No, Dad.
No, Komal.
If anyone else's father stops her
from playing, whack him, as well.
When his daughter makes a name
all over the world,
he will forget everything.
Dad!
Madam.
Madam? Sukhlalji.
Call us an army of devils, Sukhlalji.
Now that the rest of the world
calls us by that name,
why are you shying away from it?
What do you want 400 rupees for?
Just because you brought me
to the airport you can't charge me
whatever you wish.
Don't get so angry.
You are going to self-destruct
with anger one of these days.
Here, drink some water. Be calm.
And please don't charge us extra.
Come along peacefully, now.
You won't get anywhere
by having such a temper.
-Congrats, Vidya.
-Thank you.
Come on.
Everyone is waiting for you,
especially Dad.
He says that his daughter-in-law
has made him really proud.